We are going to create the story of The Power MBA using the Storybrand model.
I am going to remind you of the main objective.
The main objective is to transmit in the easiest, easiest and most entertaining way to our clients
throughout all the different communications, the web, emails, etc.
that we are here to help them and to make their life better.
That is what has to transcend absolutely all the stories.
And that is what this model helps us a lot.
Let's start.
We start with the first of the chapters, which is the protagonist.
Who is the protagonist?
The protagonist is our potential client.
All that person who comes into contact at some point with The Power MBA through different impacts.
We, I have to say that we have made the mistake on many occasions of becoming us in the protagonist
and talking about us, talking about founding partners, success cases, etc.
The method, that is an excessively product-centric approach and that message fits inside the story.
But later, we will see when.
The important thing is that in each of the contacts you have with your clients,
in the story, the protagonist always, the client always feels the protagonist.
Always perceive that you are talking about him, that you care about him.
And the first exercise we have to do here is to identify what is the desire,
the main desire of the protagonist.
Why? Because if you are able to identify it and you start the story like that,
the protagonist will feel, well, that, he will feel being identified with that story.
He will hook the story.
You are going to open his, you are going to generate interest.
Let's see what is the main desire of the protagonist in the case of The Power MBA.
And we thought it was learning, that was to become an expert in the business world.
But we really have to go to more basic, more primitive desires.
People, what moves us are more basic things.
And learning is a means.
Deep down, a protagonist, when the protagonist in our story,
what he wants is to improve his professional life.
What he wants is to be more successful.
Success can mean different things depending on each person.
It can mean making more money, it can mean growing in his company,
it can mean setting up a company that goes well for him.
It can mean having economic freedom,
it can mean dedicating yourself to something that every day, something that he is passionate about.
Success is very relative.
That is, it is a concept that for each person means a different thing.
But that is what the protagonist in this story is looking for.
What he wants is more success.
And we have to be there to help him get it.
What happens is that the protagonist has a problem.
And the first thing we are going to do is identify what the villain is,
what is the cause of the protagonist's problems.
It helps a lot, because that way you personalize it.
And you already have someone to blame.
And the villain in this case is the current training offer.
It is the traditional programs, the MBAs or the traditional masters,
which cost a lot of money,
which are also designed for you to spend a lot of time, etc.
That is the cause.
That is the villain.
And now we are going to identify the protagonist's problems.
What problems does he have?
And here I am going to make an assessment.
There are external problems and internal problems.
External problems are the objective facts.
You will understand better when we put the example.
And internal problems are the feelings that generate,
the frustrations that generate those external problems in the protagonist.
And a very valuable perception is the fact that companies
usually dedicate ourselves to solving external problems.
Our products and services are designed for that.
However, customers do not buy us for that.
Customers buy us because they want to solve their internal problems.
So if we are able to identify the real problems of the customers,
which are the internal ones,
which are the feelings that generate those problems,
then we will sell much more.
We will enter like a knife.
What are the external problems?
The external problems of the protagonist of our story
is that, well, he does not have enough training,
he does not have very up-to-date knowledge,
or not up-to-date enough.
And he does not have the time, nor does he want to invest the money,
whether he has it or not, in a program of the traditional ones.
That is the problem, the main problem of our customers.
And we solve that problem.
But what are the real internal problems that our customers feel?
Well, it's a kind of frustration or ambition
for not having managed, in many cases, to have a professional life
that allows them to do whatever they want,
have enough economic freedom, etc.
And on the other hand, it is a concern perhaps for not having done enough
in terms of acquiring the tools that allow them to achieve the previous point,
or manage their company better, or grow professionally.
Those are the internal problems.
That is what really motivates people to acquire a training program.
And at this point, what we have to do is,
since we have identified the problems of the protagonist,
we have to position ourselves as a help, as a guide,
that will help the protagonist to overcome his problems.
And it is a challenge to become a guide.
And you have to do it through two levers.
One, showing empathy.
And two, positioning yourself as a figure who has enough authority
to help him solve those problems.
How have we shown empathy in our case?
Well, in all the messages we have talked about democratizing higher education
and also making it accessible to people who are very busy.
All this shows a lot of empathy because it is very directed to the problems,
to the limitations, to the barriers with which the protagonist has found himself so far.
And how have we generated authority?
Well, we have generated authority from the beginning
because the company is created by founding members who are recognized.
So you position yourself as a figure of certain authority.
And now that we have students,
what we do is use the references of hundreds of students,
of thousands of happy and satisfied students,
and put it into value.
And that generates a lot of authority
because you are showing that you have been able to help others,
and also others who have good jobs, etc.
And we also use the usual tactics
such as promoting all the media that talk about Power MBA on the website.
It is a very common tactic.
What happens at this point in the story is that the protagonist already knows that we can help him,
he has validated Power MBA,
but he has a lot of doubts because he perceives that his problems are very big
and that they do not have an easy solution.
And how are these guys going to get there and help me solve these problems?
It is the abyss we always talk about.
So here what we have to do is create a plan.
We have to create a plan in which we are showing exactly the steps that we are going to take together
to solve these problems.
And that will give you a lot of comfort.
And what we have done is define our method and advertise it,
and explain it to everyone who asks,
or explain it on the website.
We could do it better.
Basically, the plan in our case is to describe how the classes are,
in a 15-20 minute method per day,
that there are webinars, etc.
It is to explain what we are going to do.
In each company it is different.
In our case it is like this.
And at this point,
in which the protagonist already knows what the path is,
he has already validated you,
you have helped him to visualize the problems, etc.
But we have to help him make the decision.
Because people do not make the decision just like that.
And this is where we talk about the call to action.
And at this point,
what we have to be clear is that there are basically two types of call to action.
There are more direct call to actions,
and there are more transitional call to actions.
They are the two types that are used by almost all companies.
In our case, the direct call to action is,
sign up now.
And the transitional,
what we do is offer it,
if you do not want to sign up today because you still do not know us enough,
what we are going to do is,
we give you three free classes.
We will accompany you for a few days, but that's it.
Later, what we are going to offer you is to buy now.
Because as we always say,
you do not have to be afraid of this,
because your product is born to solve the problems of customers.
And customers often do not make the decision because yes,
therefore you do not have to be afraid to repeat it.
And we come to the end of the story.
And here,
once we have already asked him to make the decision,
really the important thing,
what will motivate the protagonist to make that decision,
to join Power MBA or not join,
is that we are able to show our protagonist
what is being played depending on whether he makes the decision or not.
How is he going to change his life in one way or another?
This is the real motivator.
So, what is used to make the protagonist see
how we are going to help him,
is in negative and positive.
On the one hand, what we can help him to visualize is the...
What are we going to avoid that happens if you make the decision?
Well, what we are going to avoid that happens is that you stay out,
that you are outdated, that you lose things.
We do not use these arguments, but they fit perfectly.
And also, be very clear that if you can use them in your case,
they are very powerful,
because we are more motivated to make decisions to avoid problems
than to get benefits.
And on the other hand, there is the happy ending.
We have to show him what he is going to achieve,
how he is going to change his life if he makes the decision.
This is the biggest motivator of all.
What is he going to achieve?
And we have to be as clear as possible
in describing the specific benefits,
and they have to be benefits that really matter.
You are not thinking about your product.
You do the exercise and you do not think about the characteristics of your product.
The benefits are the personal and basic benefits for the protagonist,
which is what is really going to move him to make that decision that we want him to make.
And what are they?
Well, we have talked about them before.
It is having a more full professional life,
dedicate himself to what he likes,
grow within his company, create a company,
manage his own better, earn more money, etc.
These are the benefits, that happy ending, that photo finish
that you have to do permanently,
to make the protagonist see it,
because that is where we want to get.
Well, we have already seen, we have already worked
absolutely the whole story of PowerMV.
What we have left now,
that we have not done yet,
is to sit down with the whole team,
with the CMO,
with those responsible for contracting campaigns on social networks,
with those responsible for...
with the community managers, etc.
Because the whole organization has to know the history of PowerMV,
the history of our protagonists,
which are potential clients.
And absolutely all text, all post, all announcement,
all copy has to come out of this story that we have drawn today.